Huabo Succession Cooperation Investigation
Oh, it turned out to be Lord Long Si Long, ha, hey.
We are conducting normal transactions today.
Hey, why are you even alerted?
Hey, look at the normal transaction.
Yes you call these normal transactions
Hey
Because the goods are more popular.
So there was some spat. Ha, oops.
You are so outrageous
Hey, Long Si
Take them all away if you see fit
If anyone is not convinced, just pack up OK
I warn you
Better come clean
After I tried it, the nature was different
Hahahahahaha Aunt Dragon
We are all serious business people
You can rest assured.
serious beneficiary
Yes, yes, yes, will the serious income person rob me of the vase?
Let me tell you something.
You are not allowed to spill blood, sir Long
Not as he said
I bought this junk for real money.
So what's going on?
Long sir, are you optimistic?
This guy, he only took a picture of one vase.
But he has to take two
One of these is mine.
He didn't just want to steal my vase
Threatening me with a gun
Men, you are not allowed to talk nonsense
Hey.
What the hell is this?
This is
This is a misunderstanding.
Hahahahaha Long Si'er ahaha
Then didn't you mean these two vases?
Is one actually yours?
Right?
Then can you take yours with you?
This is a vase with a crack in the lower right corner.
This is yours.
Crazy, you don't want to steal the beam and change the pillar, do you?